Adding release instruction to verify quickstart-scala template (#2912)
digital-asset/daml: release/RELEASE.md

   1. Right click on `eurBank` in line 17 and verify that goto
      definition takes you to the definition in line 14.
   1. Close all files.
   1. Create a new project with `daml new ./quickstart-scala quickstart-scala`
      and switch to it using `cd ./quickstart-scala`
   1. Run `daml build`
   1. Run `daml codegen scala`

>    1. In 2 separate terminals (since each command will block) run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. In 2 separate terminals (since the first command will block) run
```
